# Face_recognition_system_based_on_face-recognition_library
If you want to implement this feature of face recognition with my code, I would like you to install python 3.10. because there is a good chance that you will run into a bottleneck when installing the dlib library. If you already have Visual Studio and C++ libraries installed of course that's even better. Even if you don't have them, you should be able to install them by following my method without any surprises. I already had Visual Studio when I installed it, and a lot of people on the web might suggest that you install anaconda to create a virtual environment for python 3.6 to install the corresponding dlib whl files. I will provide a python3.10 whl file here, just pip install it directly in the corresponding path.
Okay, now for the first step, let's install cmake by typing pip install cmake at the command line, then it's best to install boost, and then install dlib, which is the whl file that I've put in the code area. Not surprisingly, you'll be able to install it easily, but Chinese users may need to hang a ladder to speed up the download. Then you can install face-recognition, pip install face-recognition. next install numpy, pip install numpy. then install opencv, pip install opencv-python. ok now you are ready to develop if you are If you are using a compiler similar to sublimetext, it is recommended to install a keyboard library to exit the program.
Next you can learn the code. I didn't write any comments to the code, so you may need to look up the meaning of the corresponding functions.
The final function is to add an image named after a person to ImagesAttendance, but of course you can change the name of the folder, so feel free to do so. Then start the program, and when the person appears in front of the camera you have turned on, 'he will be recognized' - his face will be framed in blue and his name displayed on it. Then his name is added to a csv file at the same time. That's what we've achieved by recognizing his face. Of course this program is actually very simple to quickly experience the fun of development, because the complex face recognition program are encapsulated in the face-recognition library, which makes the development of very easy, but also reflects the power of python, but also reflects the big brother of the great things, I'm just a little chicken, have the idea of a friend can send me isues, and welcome to optimize my code.
